feat: authorization service and Renku 2.0 project integration (#3584)
SwissDataScienceCenter/renku: CHANGELOG.rst

0.52.0
------

Renku ``0.52.0`` introduces new features related to Renku 2.0. However, Renku 2.0 is still
in early development and is not yet accessible to users. For more information, see our

> [roadmap](https://github.com/SwissDataScienceCenter/renku-design-docs/blob/main/roadmap.md).

Reviewer: we should keep a message about secrets storage, since this is a Renku 1.0 feature, it's the most relevant thing for users and the key thing changing for them.

> Renku ``0.52.0`` introduces new features related to Renku 2.0. However, Renku 2.0 is still
> in early development and is not yet accessible to users. For more information, see our
> [roadmap](https://github.com/SwissDataScienceCenter/renku-design-docs/blob/main/roadmap.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Renku ``0.52.0`` introduces a new secrets-storage service that allows users to store and use secrets in 
sessions.

This release also contains new features related to Renku 2.0. However, Renku 2.0 is still
in early development and is not yet accessible to users. For more information, see our
[blog](https://blog.renkulab.io/renku-2).
```

Author: I had to resolve conflicts locally so I just copied and pasted this.

**🌟 New Features**

- **Data Services**: Added new secrets storage service for managing user session secrets, including
  new endpoints on data-service to manage these secrets.
- **Data Services**: Updated the authorization for access to Renku 2.0 projects to work with Authzed DB,

>   a 3rd party database dedicated to saving authorization data and making authorization decisions

Reviewer 2: We're missing the User-Facing Changes and Internal Changes sections. Please put the secrets line in the User-Facing Changes section and the Authorization line under Internal Changes (since users won't be able to tell the difference).
